Morrill Tower
textures/morrill_tower_background.png
ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
s                              s
sssssssssssssssssssssssssss    s
s         s   s   s   s   ss   s
s         s   s   s   s   s    s
s         s   s   s   s   s    s
s                              s
s         s   s   s   s   s   ss
s         s,,,s,,,s,,,s,,,s,,,ss
s    sssssssssssssssssssssssssss
s               s      .       s
s               .              s
s  s                           s
s  .     .                     s
s        s             .       s
s        s      .      s       s
ssssssssssssssssssssssssss.    s
s                              s
s                            s s
s                              s
s                              s
s           s     s     s      s
s     .ss,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,s
s     .sssssssssssssssssssssssss
s       s.     s.               s
s  s    s.     s.               s
s  .    s.     s.               s
s       s.  .  s.  .           .s
s       s.  s  s.  s           .s
s           s      s           .s
sssssssssssssssssssssssss.    .s
s                        .    .s
s                        .    .s
s                        .  s .s
s                        .    .s
s                        .    .s
s   p                          s
ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
